Research and mission: Note-sharing software already exists in the market, a very well-known one of which is the website, Scribd.com. However, these sites and apps host notes of a broad range of topics (rather than focused), are not well-moderated, and the notes are not quality controlled. There is, thus, a gap in the market for an app where the clients are not the public but educational institutions. Once a school purchases this IT solution, it could officially recommend the notes hosted on the application to all its students. Furthermore, quality-control, note-moderation, and digital security would be built into the application package.  The users of the application would be only the teachers, administrators, and students. The age of students would generally range from around 6 to 19. Finally, unregistered users would not be able to view anything. 
Here is the Report which includes the Use Case diagram, User Flow diagram (showing the user interface screens in the application and how they connect with each other), Class Diagram (giving an overview of the classes used in the code), and the Domain Model diagram: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ldSk6mSjsQCB1jFJvd6dpCAqPgH47wVo/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103036409933345189146&rtpof=true&sd=true
Domain Model Diagram Description: The application client, a school, has many staff and students. 1 member of staff is the application Administrator. This Admin manages the application Users, the Public Library, and the application Notes. Inside the school, each student can make only one user account and each User has one Personal Library which is composed of many Notes. Each User can access the Public Library.
